				Poiesis: Carpooling app

We want to develop web-based carpooling application as a team project. This application is targeted to help school students commute to-and-fro school. We realized the importance of carpooling application when we conducted service learning with middle school students of McMillan Magnet School this spring. They were depended on school bus and faced many difficulties. 
They had to wake up early in the morning just to catch school bus and stayed waiting for the class to begin for more than an hour. Few had to walk back after school for more than an hour if their class got over before or after the school bus schedule. Some other students had their parents drive them to school but quite early as they had to leave for work after dropping them. This adversely affected few kids as they were deprived of required sleep, could not pay enough attention in class, had risk of falling prey to road accidents, and also had the risk of getting abducted while walking back home. This made us realize how necessary it is for the kids to have something that could help them share or get ride when required. The parents or teachers who are driving nearby their residence could provide ride. 
The main idea about our application is to help these kids by allowing parents and teachers to provide ride whenever possible. 

The stakeholders of our application are as follows:

Primary Stakeholders
Parent
Teacher
Student

Secondary Stakeholders
School managements

Tertiary Stakeholders
Law enforcement agencies
Emergencies services


User stories

As a student, in order to reach school on time I want to book a ride.
As a parent, in order to be book safe rides for my kids I want to select drivers based on their reviews.
As a teacher, in order to provide ride I want to list my car as available for sharing. 
As a parent, in order to help neighboring school students reach school safe I want to list my car as available for sharing.
As a parent, in order to know if my kids’ ride dropped them to school I want to get notification. 
As a student, in order to know arrival of my ride I want to get notification.



** to be removed : Teacher who is a parent will be put in Parent category.
- Team member responsibilities
- setup shared folders in google, version control and responsibility sharing and send it to Dr. Siy

